Graduated in Manufacturing Engineering from UNICAMP and sudying an MBA in Data Science at USP, I currently work as a data analyst at the Secretery of Education of the State of S達o Paulo, outsourced by the companies G&P Projetos e Sistemas and by the PRODESP (Companhia de Processamento de Dados do Estado de S達o Paulo).

My work in the data area began at the  Cielo S.A. company, where I compiled data to build dashboards for the commercial team's indicators.

Later, I started to work in the data analysis part of the Marketing area at FM2S, a companie that sells  education courses and works with consulting. There I was able to delve a little deeper into the construction of dashboards of indicators in the marketing area, as well as understand a little more about campaigns, e-mail and other tools in the marketing area to capture Leads.

Then, I assumed the position of Business Intelligence Analyst at Corebiz. It was at this stage of my career that I started my experience with the Structured Query Language (SQL), in addition to delving a little deeper into the marketing area. I also performed report update automations using Python.

Nowadays I currently work at the Department of Education of the State of S達o Paulo where I am responsible for collecting data and making specific cuts for the creation of directional public policies, in addition to specific studies of the state of S達o Paulo and answering requests (Public Ministry, Court of Accounts, etc.). Assembly and analysis of reports such as the State and National Plan for Education, Work Plan for the State Quota of Salary-Education, among others. Creation of management dashboards (Power BI) to monitor plans and programs of the state education network. I work on the school dropout risk prediction project: a machine learning project that uses data from students, schools and socioeconomic indices, to predict students at high risk of dropping out and understand the real reasons for dropping out in order to carry out mitigation actions. Updating the website datasets: Dados.educacao.sp.gov.br and the Education Transparency Portal: working with ETL processes, process automation, validation and availability of data for building the website.